## QUAREP-LiMi

Welcome to the QUAREP-LiMi GitHub page.
The Consortium for Quality Assessment and Reproducibility for Instruments and Images in Light Microscopy (QUAREP-LiMi), formed by the global community of practitioners, researchers, developers, service providers, funders, publishers, policymakers and industry related to the use of light microscopy, is committed to democratising access to quantitative and reproducible light microscopy and the data generated by it.
Our mission is to provide a comprehensive set of community-agreed guidelines, protocols, automation procedures and other resources to improve quality control, quality assurance, and instrument/method calibration. The stakeholders advocate for using the highest level of reproducibility for data generated by light microscopy methods in scientific research and biotechnology applications. To support the achievement of its mission, QUAREP-LiMi:
1. Sanctions Working Groups to form teams that focus on specific technical or outreach topics,
2. Maintains, disseminates, and teaches best practices, protocols, and software tools and
3. Collaborates with providers of reference materials or, instrumentation or other tools that facilitate the implementation of best practices at the community level.
QUAREP-LiMi operates a NextCloud and an OMERO server, which serve as a central repository and exchange point for our collective work. These platforms facilitate collaboration and data sharing between our members. 
QUAREP-LiMi is open to new members, and we look forward to your contribution. If you'd like to join our initiative, please feel free to fill out our membership form. If you would like to change your Working Group (WG) or join a new WG, please use our form. If you have any more questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
